What is a guy who's in Malcolm X now in this video we will be working up the integration of the pages
so basically you can create two types of functionalities like if someone clicks this than they should
take us to the page.
Or if someone clicks does a pop up should be open so you have two options.
What you can do if you want to go with the page there what you can do is you can come here and then
you can just go ahead and you can create a new page like this and you.
OK.
And then here you have to just enter like a hotel.
So for hotel it should be hotel and there should be a page automatically created.
I want to come here and I just want to go ahead and I want to hit publish.
So let's just go ahead and let's sit at it for the elementary.
So just clicking Edelmann Tory you just have to just hit save.
Now Alice come here and it should take us to the elementary page.
Let's just click here again.
And here you go.
You can see that.
Here we are.
So here we can design this page completely.
And once you design everything you have to just remove this as well guys.
OK.
This is also important.
And once you design everything then you need to add a new section.
OK.
And then here you have to add it so how you will that it's you just have to come here.
Divo commerce product commerce Vuh elements elements you have to just grab this and then you have to
paste it right here.
So here you have to select like a single product page.
So a single product page.
You have to select it like for hotel.
We need to grab the hotel thing in here so you can see it says you call a hotel.
This will be right here.
And this is great.
Now you can see how this is coming.
So if I just come here and I just say it now and then I just go ahead and move the space and you will
see this is how my page will be looking and everything will be like this.
You can see everything is coming here to have this right now.
I can just choose the room that if it's true my won and then I can just design it and then I can just
sit back now and everything.
So you can see how this is looking.
So this is how you can work with it.
You can work with it how you want it to be and then you can also just add it so.
But instead of this I want
I basically want to show a pop up.
You can see this revues is coming right here.
So I just wanted to disable the revues So let's just come here to the products and then let's go to
all products right now.
And now here we have to go to the bucolic hotel and then let's head at it.
OK.
And then we have to go down to advance
and the just disable the reviews from here.
So let's just go ahead and let it update and you will see that here it'll be only only.
Only this product will be appearing and nothing else so you can see this product is just appearing and
it is showing book now.
So we want this to be shown in that thing.
OK.
We don't want anything else to show.
We don't want this be doing this.
We want a pop up to be.
So how we will do that.
OK.
We need a pop up plug in for that.
And that pop up plug in that we will be using is basically called bulk up for elementary.
OK.
So you need to grab this plug in.
You just have to come here and then you have to go to the appearance and then you have to go to.
I'm sorry that team and then you have to hit you.
And in here we have to just enter the name pop up Elementary.
OK so here should be the plug in pop up for Bob.
Bob box sorry.
Yes this is Bob baulks for elementary.
So you can see this is right here.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit this so you can see this is being installed right now.
And once this is installed we have to work with it.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit activate and this will be activated.
So now you can see that we have added this pop a box.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to go to pop boxes and I'm going to hit add new pop up boxes
and first of all what you have to do is that you need to go to all of the products and make sure that
you just remove the review system because we just want to show the pop up and that's all.
So let's just go to higher than dealer room on this and let's remove them OK.
I want to come here to advance and disable the reviews.
Let's come here to debate.
Let's come here and let's go down and let's get to advance and let's disable the radios so you can see
the reviews would be disable and now everything will be totally OK and viewable.
So you can see this is right here.
Everything is disabled.
Now we want to come here.
And first I need to just go ahead hotel pop up.
OK.
So this is the pop up.
I just want to go ahead and I want to come here and I want to select.
Elementary can mess and I'm going to select publish right now.
So now I have to just hit this elementary and it's going to take us to the elementary bit.
So you have to first create the hotel pop up plug in oh sorry pop a box and then we're going to break
more.
So
let's wait till this is done you can see these are the bullets that are coming here.
First of all I just want to go ahead and I want to select a section and here I just want to just add
this element here.
You can see this right here.
I just want to come here and I want to just go single product.
And I want to select this boo
hotel.
So this is right here.
This is right here.
You can see this is coming.
This is the hotel that is coming.
And these are these will also be coming here so you can see everything is done here.
Now what I'm going going to do I'm just going to come here and I'm going to he's safe.
That's all.
OK.
So now going to come here and see him like this.
I want to add a new pop up again.
I want to come here and I want to hit our new box.
And here we have to design the pop box for the freelancer.
And this is going to be pop up freelancer.
OK.
And we have to just come here.
We have to select an elementary can mess and we have to hit publish.
And now we have to just sit.
Edited Elementary.
So you have to sit like this and you can see it is taking us to the elements garbage seem like this
let's come here in let's add a new pop a box for Rent-A-Car papa printk our ball of rent a car.
So now here in the pop up freelancer you need to just add an intersection and we have to just add it
so you can design this.
I'm not telling you the designing.
I'm just telling you that how the pop up will work.
You have to drag this elements and this view element it's just available in the production guy so if
you do not have the pros and you have to buy the protrusion you have to go to the number one lecture
that says that designing the page and you have to grab that protrusion in order for it to work.
Every single product page rafted so like the product and this is going to be Rent-A-Car So no it's a
freelancer
sorry it's a hired deal.
OK.
This should be right here.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to save.
So this is also here.
Now what I have to do I have to just close this out.
I want to just for to this right now so I'm going to come here and I'm going to hint at it.
A mentor can mess and I'm going to hit publish.
And now here I have to just select edited elements.
So let's just say this.
And it's going to take a sort of page
and I'm here we have to design this so let's come here let's just select this and let's just bring the
food elements so sorry boo.
Yes.
Elements.
This is here.
I want to go select element.
It should be single product page.
Let's select the product so it is going to be Rent-A-Car
Rent-A-Car.
And let's just go ahead and let's it's safe so you can see that we have every pop up already.
And now what we have to do we have to just click this sorry Switzer's searching haven't just come here
to the proper boxes and I have to just click on all boxes and in here you can see that we have this
this this and this is you can see there we have all these pop up here and then we have to work with
that.
So let's just go to the site right now that we are in and again can see this is our website.
So I just want to go ahead and if someone clicks this he should a public should be open for hotel to
be you on that.
So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going at it for elementary and you can see on cutting the edited elementary
you will see some more functionalities in the elementary.
So this is the functionality of this plug in guys so you can just make your shape much better you can
see.
Now no more.
OK.
I don't know how to pronounce this I'm sorry guys I'm not going to go in and I'm going to drag this
right here and you can see here should be a button.
OK.
So today's click me.
So instead of this I just need to book a hotel OK and the type is going to be default so d small it
should be center on the icons should be a home.
OK so I have to design this exactly same.
And the icon should be placed after I want get it right now.
I want to go to the background color so the background color is going to be
cool.
OK.
You can see how this is now here in the condo.
I have to just go to the model content and in here I have this select hotel pop up.
So make sure you select it and show clothes and switch button position and the size and everything.
If I just click here I pop up must be open.
OK let's just come here and let's click here.
The problem is not opening right now.
OK.
Now here we have this show switch button says.
And if you just go to style right now then we have the mortar that can diners in here we can just go
with the max with how much Max would be born.
You can go with the background by the corner and and in here we can also manage everything.
OK.
So now here let's just go ahead and let's remove this first scum here and let's save this.
Let's open this S10 to check if everything works or not then are going to make more further.
So you can see it is right here.
I'm just going to come here and it book a hotel and is going to click here and you can see book a hotel.
And this is basic room.
I'm just going to like pro room and see pro room is coming.
I can also like like business room and business room is coming you can see this is already bugged.
I can just book it from like 29 and 31.
And this is Schrade here.
You can see you can see how this is looking.
You can also slide the persons and only persons we want.
And then we can just sit back now.
So in the book now you can see that it is going to take us to the card page.
OK.
It is not taking us any vear.
This is not taking us anywhere.
So if we then go to the card right now
then you can see this is right here.
So I just want it to be like direct check.
There should be direct check out so that the person can directly check out his himself.
So we're going to work for that.
OK.
But first let's come here and let's just make it work.
I'm just going to I'm here and I'm going to remove this burden.
OK.
I want it to be duplicated so let's just come here and duplicate duplicate.
We have two right here.
I just wanted to try it here.
And it should be here.
Let's just come here and let's remove it and let's remove it as well.
I wanted this to be track and it should be here.
So we have this book a hotel book a freelancer
hire a freelancer.
OK.
And it should come here.
Let's just say I'm here and let's change it to be like person and let's go to the model container and
it should be like a freelancer.
OK.
I'm going to come here and I going to save it.
Let's come here and let's just change this as well.
So when I come here and it should be like
rent a car.
OK this is this will be right here.
Now here what I have to do I have to just come here and instead of this I need a car.
So this is a car that is coming.
I haven't given the whole effect here.
So you can give if you want to.
And then we have the motel containership can also work that it usually you just have to come here and
you have to select Rent-A-Car.
And now we are totally done.
We'll just have to come here and again can see that everything is coming.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to refer this Siggins eateries are booking side and B go down
and you can see that it takes hire a freelancer.
If I just click here you can see higher than zero Rieman and ities duration.
So I mean just like like I need them to for two.
So the data is not available.
I can just choose any of the data from here.
And I can even close.
I can just click Rent-A-Car and I can just select the card that I want to I need like hand-wavy easel.
OK.
And for hand of Heysel I just want it to be like 23rd from 23rd 226 so you can see this is how it is
working so it is working.
So sexy guys just love this guy seriously.
Seriously I'm in love with this website you can see how crazy how great it is looking.
And you can pretty well do any type of thing with this element plug in guys seriously.
So you can see that now you're done with this in the next video I'll show you that.
How can you just work the Didak check out functionality because that is also really important.
So stadium guys and Buh-Bye.